now Hamas militants have abducted dozens
of hostages including children and the
elderly most families have had no word
on their fate one of the many missing is
German Israeli citizen Shani Luke her
family has been trying to get help from
the government here in Berlin but they
feel abandoned by the German
authorities this is the last picture of
Shan look on social media the
22-year-old German Israeli was at this
music festival in the neif desert when
the terrorists struck they killed at
least 260 people and kidnapped several
others to Gaza including shaie in this
video she's displayed by the terrorists
unconscious in the back of a pickup
truck her relatives recognized her so
did her aunt who lives in
Germany since Saturday morning we have
no life you know and we are trying to do
the
best for this girl on Tuesday a shimmer
of Hope shaie might be in a hospital in
Gaza the relatives say they have
received this information from an
informant another clue that points in
that
direction is that her credit card was
used in a shop next to the
hospital the family has been trying to
get help since Sunday they say the
authorities have been of little help
they feel neglected but this
we are really
disappointed we haven't been able to
reach anyone from the foreign office for
more than 48 hours they told us to fill
in some forms and it would then be dealt
with more
quickly sh's mother in Israel appeals
for
help we ask no we demand that the German
Government Act quickly there shouldn't
be any questions about responsibility
they must act quickly to get Shani out
of
Gaza because air strikes continue to hit
the area and the ground offensive may be
imminent and we believe that the only
one that can help at this moment is only
the the the German government that is
their hope to keep sha
alive and for more on this we can bring
in dwa political correspondent Julia Sal
uh Julia do we have uh any idea about
how many Germans citizens uh have been
affected uh people who might have been
killed abducted how many are missing at
this
moment so we've heard from German
foreign minister analin abok that there
are thought to be hostages in Gaza that
uh Hamas the terrorist organization has
taken but there she didn't make any
numbers German media is estimating that
there are at least five German Nationals
taken hostage and uh there are reports
that at least Le one German National has
been killed in the attack it is uh
reported to be a 22-year-old student uh
from Berlin but the German foreign
Ministry has not confirmed uh this death
there are also uh thought to be
thousands of German citizens still in
Israel also many of them dual Nationals
uh between uh Germany and Israel and the
German foreign Ministry has received uh
since the weekend around 4,500 requests
from German citizens to return to
Germany a lot of uh flights to and from
Israel have uh been stopped at the
moment so the German foreign Ministry
has now asked the national carrier Lanza
to operate flights in and out of Israel
on Thursday and Friday to evacuate
German citizens it is expected that
there will be four flights a day for
this
purpose Angelia what more have we heard
from the authorities here in
Germany well on the case of shanie Luke
she the case has not been officially
addressed by uh the foreign Ministry but
we have heard from her family that they
uh had uh allegedly difficulties in
trying to get in touch with the foreign
Ministry what the German foreign
minister has said is that there is a
Non-Stop communication going on between
German authorities and colleagues on the
ground but also any actor on the ground
that has direct communication open with
Hamas in the attempt to try to free any
hostages there what Bok also said is
that with a terrorist organization like
Hamas communication is anything but easy
and we know that the situation in Gaza
where sha Luke to uh be confirmed to be
in critical condition in a hospital is
particularly difficult because of the
Relentless bombing going on we've heard
from doctors uh on the ground we've
heard reports that they're running out
of Medicine medicines and that hospitals
are at capacity and uh getting out of
the Gaza Strip itself is very
complicated so the situation in terms of
trying to get the hostages out seems to
be very difficult and complicated all
right that is the view from Berlin there
thank you to our political correspondent
Julia
Sal well to the US now which has
confirmed at least 11 of its citizens
were killed in their terror attack on
Saturday President Joe Biden has
condemned the attacks by Hamas and
emphasized that the US stands by Israel
earlier he said that Israel had the
right to defend
itself this was an act of sheer
evil more than 1,000 civilians
slaughtered not just kill slaughtered in
Israel among them at least 14 American
citizens killed
parents butchered using their bodies to
try to protect their
children stomach turning reports of
being babies being killed entire fam
slain today Americans across the country
are praying for all those families that
have been ripped
apart a lot of us know how it feels it
leaves a black hole in your chest when
you lose
family feeling like you're being sucked
in the anger the pain
a sense of
hopelessness this is what they mean by
human
tragedy and that of course was part of a
wider speech by Joe Biden we're going to
take a look back at it now with DW
special correspondent Aya Ibrahim Aya hi
there what are your main takeaways from
what Biden had to say about the attack
in
Israel
well the president used very emotional
very descriptive language calling these
attacks uh by Hamas uh uh sheer uh evil
he talked about the victims the children
uh the elderly that have been killed uh
and the rapes as we hear there are
reports that there have been uh rapes
committed uh as uh well he definitely
gave Israel a lot of latitude when it
comes to its current military operation
in the Gaza Strip
uh saying reiterating again the uh
American stance that Israel has the
right to defend itself in the face of
the unprecedented Terror attacks that it
is uh facing at the same time he was
sure to point out that uh as uh
democracies also have to abide by the
rule of law and by that of course uh he
means uh you know the civilians that are
in Gaza and that within that military
operation their lives have to be taken
into consideration as well he's perhaps
eing the words that we heard yesterday
from the UN Secretary General Antonio
gues who gave statements on the ongoing
military operation saying that even you
know within uh legitimate Israeli
security concerns and within that
military operation that has to happen
within the framework of international
law and that includes you know
considering uh civilian life and
civilian infrastructure uh in that
military operation Jared I yeah speaking
of civilians there are American citizens
among the hostages that Hamas is
threatening to kill also broadcast the
killings uh if that happened how would
that affect the US
position well the current US position is
is that it the the Biden Administration
is ready to assist Israel with all of
the help that it needs for our viewers
who don't know uh the United States does
provide Israel with upwards of3 billion
US of military aid annually and with the
current unprecedented situation the
Biden Administration has also pledged to
provide Israel with uh more ammunition
and more uh equipment um but the United
States has said that up until this point
there will be no us boots on the ground
we do know that however that the Biden
Administration will provide the Israelis
with expertise in the form of uh hostage
hostage negotiators but there is a lot
of pressure we saw today in Tel Aviv a
press conference by families of US
citizens believed to be held in Gaza
asking the president to do more to find
their loved ones and really uh pleading
with him reminding him that it is his
responsibility and the responsibility of
the United States to ensure their uh
safe uh return but it seems that for now
that help will be limited to uh working
with the Israelis but so far no American
boots on the ground okay a secretary of
state Anthony blinkin is due to fly to
Israel on Wednesday uh what kind of
support is he going to bring along with
him we we already know that the United
States is pledging military aid I think
uh Anthony blinking making that trip
visiting Israel at this time while it's
under constant bombardment and uh rocket
rocket uh fire from Gaza is a hugely
symbolic move uh it is meant to show the
is people that the United States stands
by them and that he is willing to make
this trip even under these uh difficult
circumstances many flight many uh many
airlines have actually cancered their
flights to Tel Aviv because to Israel
because of the current security
situation the United States has also
moved ship carry uh ships and aircraft
carriers towards the Eastern
Mediterranean uh in an attempt to deter
I mean this was also something that
President Biden spoke about today that
if to deter Regional actors not to take
advantage of the current situation he
said it himself whoever is thinking
about I'm paraphrasing now whoever is
thinking about taking advantage of this
situation uh and that is like an
implicit uh uh you know message to uh
actors like Iran or Hezbollah in Lebanon
he said don't do it just don't do it and
so that uh that uh visit by Anthony
blinkin will likely uh to you know is is
is meant to serve and strengthen that
message uh and deter also uh any actors
in the region that may be thinking about
taking advantage of the current security
situation Jared DW special correspondent
a Ibrahim in Washington Aya thanks so
much for that
analysis